This file is the copyleft licence agreement under which you are licenced to
use the support libraries HCTOOLS.DLL/HCTOOL32.DLL and
WINHORUS.DLL/WINHOR32.DLL that are included with, and required by
MODERATE.ADN/MODERA32.ADN, the moderator addon for Ameol.

The full source distribution for these libraries can be downloaded from
ameol_moderate/files or will be sent on request if you email
horus@cix.compulink.co.uk.

------------------------------------8<-------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1993-1995 Pete Jordan, Horus Communications

* NO WARRANTY *

BECAUSE THIS PROGRAM IS LICENCED FREE OF CHARGE, WE PROVIDE ABSOLUTELY NO
WARRANTY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE
STATED IN WRITING, HORUS COMMUNICATIONS, PETE JORDAN AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THIS PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO
THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM
PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW WILL PETE JORDAN, HORUS
COMMUNICATIONS AND/OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND REDISTRIBUTE THIS
PROGRAM AS PERMITTED BELOW, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
LOST PROFITS, LOST MONIES, OR OTHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE (INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES
SUSTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY
OTHER PROGRAMS) THIS PROGRAM, EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY.

* GENERAL PUBLIC LICENCE TO COPY *

  1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of this program as you
receive it (in other words, including ALL files included in the
distribution), in any medium, provided that you conspicuously and
appropriately publish on each copy a valid copyright notice "Copyright (C)
1993, 1994 Pete Jordan, Horus Communications"; and include following the
copyright notice a verbatim copy of the above disclaimer of warranty and of
this Licence. You may charge a distribution fee for the physical act of
transferring a copy.

  2. You may modify your copy or copies of the source files or any portion
of them, and copy and distribute such modifications under the terms of
Paragraph 1 above, provided that you also do the following:

    a) cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that you
    changed the files and the date of any change; and

    b) cause the whole of any work that you distribute or publish, that in
    whole or in part contains or is a derivative of this program or any
    part thereof, to be licenced at no charge to all third parties on terms
    identical to those contained in this Licence Agreement (except that you
    may choose to grant more extensive warranty protection to some or all
    third parties, at your option).

    c) You may charge a distribution fee for the physical act of
    transferring a copy, and you may at your option offer warranty
    protection in exchange for a fee.

Mere aggregation of another unrelated program with this program (or its
derivative) on a volume of a storage or distribution medium does not bring
the other program under the scope of these terms.

  3. You may copy and distribute this program or any portion of it in
compiled, executable or object code form under the terms of Paragraphs 1
and 2 above provided that you do the following:

    a) accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source
    code, which must be distributed under the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2
    above; or,

    b) accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three years,
    to give any third party free (except for a nominal shipping charge) a
    complete machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
    distributed under the terms of Paragraphs 1 and 2 above; or,

    c) accompany it with the information you received as to where the
    corresponding source code may be obtained. (This alternative is allowed
    only for noncommercial distribution and only if you received the
    program in object code or executable form alone.)

For an executable file, complete source code means all the source code for
all modules it contains; but, as special exceptions, it need not include
source code for modules which are standard libraries that accompany the
operating system on which the executable file runs, or, for dynamic link
libraries, the source code for any program or programs with which the
library is intended to operate.

  4. You may not copy, sublicence, distribute or transfer this program
except as expressly provided under this Licence Agreement. Any attempt
otherwise to copy, sublicence, distribute or transfer this program is void
and your rights to use the program under this Licence agreement shall be
automatically terminated. However, parties who have received computer
software programs from you with this Licence Agreement will not have their
licences terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

  5. If you wish to incorporate parts of this program into other free
programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to Horus
Communications at 90 Belvoir Street, Hull HU5 3RG, England, or email to
horus@cix.compulink.co.uk or CIS: 100013,3547. Individual cases will be
treated on their merits subject to the two goals of preserving the free
status of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
and reuse of software.


In other words, you are welcome to use, share and improve this program. You
are forbidden to forbid anyone else to use, share and improve what you give
them. Help stamp out software-hoarding!

------------------------------------8<-------------------------------------

